Red Ribbon Corp has deployed a network of android spies, disguised as humans, to gather intelligence for their next nefarious operation. At corporate HQ, the spies are each given a master sheet containing a sequence of  n
 positive integers: a1,...,a_n.

When in the field, spies that need to communicate first send each other a pair of integers i and j
 and  to generate a secret key,s , that will be used to encrypt messages for a session of exchanges. The secret key,s, is defined as the product of all the numbers in the sequence from index i to j index , reduced modulo 10^9 +7. That is,

s=(∏ from k=i to j​ (ak)​)mod(109+7)

Since the channels available for communication between the spies may not be secure, the values of i and j are readily available for eavesdroppers to obtain. But the secret key,s , encoded by i and j

 is still secure, since the eavesdropper would need to have the master sheet in order to decipher the messages within the session.

You happen to have gotten hold of such a master sheet, but now you need an algorithm to produce the secret key in real time, so that you can decipher the messages exchanged between the spies, and thwart their nefarious plans.

Given the values of a_1, ...., a_n and a set of pairs i,j, compute and output the implied value of s for each i,j pair.


Input Format
Line 1: n q
Line 2: n space-separated integers: a_1 a_2 ... a_n
Each of the next q lines is of the format:
i j
Constraints

2<=n<=10^5
1<=q<=10^5
1<=i<=j<=n
1<=a_i<=10^9

For each i,j pair, output a separate line containing the implied secret key, s.

Sample Input 0
5 3
2 7 5 3 8
2 2
1 3
2 4
Sample Output 0
7
70
105
Explanation 0
The secret master sheet given has values as set out in the table below
i	1
2
3
4
5
a_i	2
7
5
3
8

The product generated by each query is set out in the table below.

i
j
a_i *a_i +1 *...*a_j
Product
2
2
7
7
1
3
2*7*5
70
2
4
7*5*3
105

The rightmost column of the table indicates the output
